Hi, I'm going to show off some of the
multi-threading features that we have
now in Warp. I'm going to build a little
feature in Warp in one uh agent tab, ask
a little bit about code review. In a
second one, I'm going to do some logs
spelunking in a third one. Here's what
I'm going to fix in Warp. We have this
new uh pretty cool input, except it's
like a little bit big when it's in a tab
that's not focused. I'd like it to be a
little bit more subtle, maybe have no
background. What I want to do is for the
universal developer input, remove the
border and background if it's being
rendered in a pane that is not focused.
So, please look at the referenced file
and at the attached screenshot. In the
screenshot, you'll see what it looks
like right now. There's two uh equally
prominent uh input areas, even though
one is focused and one is not. What I
want to do is make the non-focused one
not have a border, not have a
background. Please check out this linear
issue for more information. And also,
uh, give me a plan before you make any
changes. So, I just talked to warp. I
find it much easier for a long prompt
like this than I do to type things out.
And copy this and let me reference the
file like I mentioned I was going to do.
It's this file, universal developer
input. And let's see if it can start on
this. Now, over here, I'm going to do
something else. I've noticed that uh you
know it's taking a little bit of time to
get code reviews from a team member of
mine. I'm wondering if maybe he's
overloaded. I have a workflow that lets
me see how many PRs Alok who's one of
our who's our first engineer at warp and
one of our engineering managers has
assigned it to him. So Aloque decai
let's run this as well. And why not do a
third thing as long as I'm I'm showing
off multitasking. So I'm going to do a
little bit of logs research. I'm going
to use another one of these save
prompts. And if this is a feature that
you like, you can uh create these in
agent mode and reuse them not just for
yourself, but across your team. So here
I'm going to go ahead and use one that
summarizes uh cloud logs. This is going
to run. And let's go ahead and see
what's going on across all these tasks.
We have a nice way of doing that. We
have this sort of pane over here that
shows all of my running tasks. So I'm
going to go over and look at this coding
change one and see what's going on. It
read the linear issue via MCP. It read
the file I referenced and it's coming up
with a plan
and this looks basically right to me and
it switched me to this branch. So I'm
going to go ahead and say this plan
looks right. Can you please go ahead and
make the coding change for me? And after
you've made the coding change, please
print out in markdown block format what
the the change looks like. Going to go
ahead and start that. See how we're
doing over here. So on the this was the
logs review task in case you forgot. Uh
it's printed out all these different
services I might want to get logs from.
I know which one I want. Let's use
warp-server-staging.
And then let's also use the warp-server
cloud run instance. What I'd like to see
is a summary of logs over the last 10
minutes group by error warning and info
level. And please highlight errors that
you find. Let's see what's going on over
here. Let's see how we're doing with
this one. Let's see how Alo look is
doing in terms of PR review. So he has
this one open from Kevin. He's got this
one open from Lucy.
Uh he's got one open from Ben.
He's got another one open from Ian. Oh
my god. 26 open PRs. But some of these
uh are pretty old. So
some need immediate action. All right.
I'm going to talk to a look about this.
Uh let's go over and see coding wise how
we did here. So, it's printed out the
change that it made. Yeah, this looks
right. So, let's see it. Let's just run
it and see how it worked. And while
we're doing this, let's see what's going
on over here with our log review because
I was doing some log spelunking while
I'm doing some coding and also checking
in on Alok's PR load. This is cool. This
many info logs, this many errors, this
many warnings. It looked at a thousand
log entries. Gemini API. Uhoh. Uh we may
need to look into this. Cool. Let's try
one last thing here and
see
uh what this change look like. So you
can see this one has the background. And
if I go over here, this is perfect. So
now the focused one is the only one that
has the background. If I change back to
this, I get the background back. So it's
I I don't know if this is the ideal UX
or not, but it's actually kind of cool.
Did exactly what I wanted. Uh, so that's
how you multitask and